a Global Security conference being held
at a time when the world seems
increasingly volatile in Munich a call
for a ceasefire in Gaza is growing
louder also among those who so far
unconditionally supported Israel's war I
made very clear that the right of
self-defense also knows limits within
the international humanitarian law and
this is why I called for safe corridors
safe spaces and also over the last uh
three months I always called for for
humanitarian Supply within uh Gaza and
the situation is getting worse and yes
this is why we are pushing uh way harder
on the humanitarian that border
crossings are being open trucks are
being allowed inside
again during her visit to Israel this
week beok urged Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu to refrain from a
ground offensive in Rafa a clear change
in tone coming from Germany that
historically has strong tithe with
Israel the organizer of the conference
Kristoph Hoisin had criticized his
government for its unconditional support
we have to go by the rule of law we have
to go by the um International
humanitarian law by Security Council
resolutions and we have to abide by this
and if this doesn't happen you have to
call a Spate a Spate think Germany has
been wrong on its stance not to call for
a ceasefire for all these month I think
um you know 150 countries of the UN
asked for a ceasefire if you see the
appeal of the UN organizations I think
the only way out is to ask for a
ceasefire to end the suffering of the
people the UN High Commissioner for
refugees told Al jazer that any Israeli
attempt to push people in Rafa across
the border into Egypt will be disastrous
this would be very bad for the
Palestinian people it would be very bad
for Egypt to have to manage such a
terrible catastrophe and it would be
really extremely dangerous for the
future of the peace process which
everybody should care about more than
anything else at this point while
European countries have been divided on
their response to the war in Gaza their
tone seems to be changing now due to the
dire situation in Rafa with all the key
players present here in Munich there is
some hope of a more unified stance on
Israel's aggression step fast in aljer
Munich